everybody welcome Eckener the line
please binding once again three plus we
did beats the cathedral as blue baby
which has granted us the d6
as Isaac and I think access to the chest
as well so I'm actually just going to do
an Isaac run because we have the d6
finally I can't believe this is like
well it's first f9d v CB c PG 8 I want
to say C GP because of CGP grey da e
Lynyrd oh did the daylight savings time
I don't like it I actually the first not
I'm not trying to insult
CGP grey I love his videos it would be a
lie to say I watched them all the time
and I don't watch anybody's YouTube
videos all the time except I watch good
mythical morning when it's on which is
lately like twice a week unfortunately
but and it's like on hiatus for the
summer but I watch it with my wife while
I eat dinner because we're a nice
wholesome couple and we love good
old-fashioned family fun like dudes
eaten a bunch of you know jellyfish
hearts and never say in the F word but
do it also with the gross stuff I love
that show I'm not even being sarcastic
I'm not being sarcastic yeah that's
right I'm not being sorry I'm just
trying to say it in the most sarcastic
way possible he's like take 40 but when
I see them I'm not disappointed in them
I'm like yeah is a good time and I do
hate daylight savings day it's the worst
man I understand its historical
relevancy but I also hate it especially
because the last daylight savings fell
at PAX so you've go to bed at like 3
a.m. and 3 a.m. is actually 2 a.m. and
then when you wake up you're like why am
I so tired oh because I only had 16
milliseconds of sleep I can't believe we
dodged that I stood in like exactly the
wrong spot I mean it barely was exactly
the right spot but in theory should has
gotten in the bottom corner he just
slammed give me a Vegemite sandwich and
he says
okay we got a Cuba meet I like it could
have rear old it as maybe should a rear
old it because I haven't had the best
track record with Cuba me lately I'm
going to be Honus with you I do not have
any bombs and I hate this room right now
mini monstro by the way is like my pick
if I was ever to do like a top-10 most
underrated items in the binding of issac
this is up there i straight-up think
that mini I don't think mini monstro is
hated to be honest at this point in my
eyes a career I mostly agree with the
community pardon me on item choices like
I've come to agree curse I is bad I'm
trying to think of what like my most
divisive item choices some people are
probably gonna say like guillotine I
think most people agree the guillotine
is like a double-edged sword I think
most people agree that Isaac's heart is
garbage maybe soymilk I still stand by
the idea that soy milk usually is better
than people think it is Lao skill
probably being the bed pickup but
mini-monster I just never hear people
talking about I never you know go to the
forums see people go mini monster I love
this sytem we should reroll and then is
the ideas with one more bomb we can get
that item that was such a terrible dodge
I don't really care about getting so
good but I keep I can't get rid of the
d6 that we just got to go with telepathy
even though I love telepathy and in a
weird way telepathy is like a much rarer
item because we've been using the d6
since the you know the day we were born
in this freaking game more or less
yeah I never year people singing the
praises of mini-monster I think it's
like not quite as good as little
brimstone but I don't think it's out of
the conversation a little brimstone has
some obvious advantages because
brimstone is really good you know
brimstone has brimstone has all sorts of
crazy advantages decent damage infinite
range and Pierson's the mini monstro
charges quickly does a lot of damage and
fires a lot of shots so it doesn't have
piercing shots but what I'm getting at
is if even you know some of the shots
hits some of the other shots are
probably going to go all the way to get
to other enemies so you will pick up
this battery charge and go back and try
to get a reroll on the item room
unfortunately to lab at the lovely but
not for today's run Clarice Aquarius is
like the definition of a 3 out of 10
item it's got its uses and if you're
damaged never gets good Aquarius is a
nice little defensive augmentation to
have I wouldn't deny that come on but
not my ideal choice if I have a reroll
available that's for darn sure so we've
done it that's a little example of the
power of mini monstro right there so I'm
going to save our d6 and try to use it
on the deal with the devil if the deal
with the devil stinks
even if it doesn't stink we have a full
d6 charge with that we can then go back
and use on Aquarius and I think we're
set up pretty nicely to have a good shot
on this run although I would like to
have some more consumables doing magic
mush is lovely our deal with the devil
is garbage but it sets us up for some
angel deals shenanigans we're going to
take this damage is going to go to like
it's not quite a doubling of damage I
always like shorthand consider it a
doubling but it's not a doubling on that
double
we'll go back in here snag a little
reroll action and see what we can pick
up ooh
what are you sit in my lap we will talk
about Boober hops up I don't know before
it's pretty good
that may be an item I disagree with
people on but for a long time I thought
before it was bad and and honestly
that's just stupid and before is a
lovely item and it might I think it
might be slightly overrated but I got to
admit this is like my least favorite
kind of issac commentary it's useful for
a segue but I'd like the Isaac videos
where I go off on tangents as well I
don't like the Isaac videos where I talk
about you know the relative quality of
items we've discussed you know 70 times
before I'm screen about Isaac Isaac is
totally unique it's a game that I've
again I've been losing a lot but I've
mastered it to the point that I can play
it I could do a whole Isaac episode
without ever actually consciously
processing what's happening on the
screen and some of those have happened
judging from the commentary it's
completely unique I've never had a game
like that before where I can I could
talk for like 40 minutes about random
stuff that is completely unrelated to
the game while playing the game that's
what makes it so cool that's why I think
it's such like a unique thing not just
for me but kind of like on YouTube to
begin with although hilariously what I
think it's most similar to is like 2011
Eric Call of Duty videos where people
would be like what stop it's you boy
just giving you a quick update video by
the way here's like a 50 kill streak on
Nuketown another type of content I will
not disparage but have not really
watched very much of as you might expect
it's funny to think of how YouTube has
changed because like and this is not
really getting sentimental but back then
it really was like minecraft ik call of
duty call of duty zombies everyone is
even at the time they're very cynical
about it YouTube has changed a lot man
like that most of the gaming channels
don't just do gaming stuff anymore you
know a lot of the especially the huge
ones also do like you know variety
videos they'll do like skits or you know
reaction videos and stuff like that tech
mutant spider mine
again my prospective mutant spider
pretty good
triple shots not that good but I'll
still take it to get the achievement
checked off the list
not that that scent I like that's not
even that much recent of an evolution I
guess because like when I was in college
there were reaction videos like you know
grandma reacts to two girls one cup and
it's just an old lady going like yeah
we've strayed so far from God's life I
guess it's like a little bit more
popular now I mean you know what is big
now and it's been big for a year to say
what do you mean now this has been big
for like four years you don't understand
it's a 28 year old the last four years
is now as far as I'm concerned now is a
period that exists from 2015 to 2020 for
me is like challenge videos like to try
not to laugh challenge I actually and
I'm not trying to disparage this content
either whatever it whatever you like to
watch you like to watch right yeah we
blew that one pretty hard whatever you
like to watch you like to watch and I'm
not going to you know crap on anybody
for it however I don't understand things
like to try not to laugh challenge
because I it's the easiest thing in the
world for me to not laugh all I have to
do is watch Amathus games okay no okay I
wasn't going to go there but it looked
convenient in the moment I feel bad
because man he's been on vacation so
I've been firing all these shots and
there's no opportunity for him to fire
back on Twitter you know he's been
unplugged from the internet playing some
handsome poker he hasn't actually been
playing poker anyway nothing I think we
should open the chest to try to get
enough money to get an arcade on the
next floor but
like they try not to laugh challenge or
you laugh you lose I love to laugh haha
look I just did it right there I laugh
all the time
I'm not humorless I'm actually like I've
been self-conscious that many times in
my life is I think I laugh more than the
average person does
it's not because I'm seeking their
approval because they just find things
funny but then like I can also turn off
the laugh muscle extremely easily
especially if it's like a 15-second vine
or something like that it's got no setup
got no soul Jerry by the way a 15-second
vine it's kind of a joke among the of
itself as opposed can't have a 15-second
vine is good the idea though
now the cinnamon challenge I think I
would lose that or like I would spit
cinnamon out of my nose and they you
know it's just not for me
ice bucket challenge was a cool thing
and did it for charity it's very awkward
I was a little awkward I did the ice
bucket challenge thing because I was
challenged and as soon as you're
challenged you either get to do it or
you become a bad guy you know you don't
take a stand for something that costs
you almost no time and is for charity
anyway right so I donated some money to
the ALS research Society or whatever it
was an als related cause I recall and
then don't teleport me like that I did
the ice bucket challenge video and I
went to a media event like literally the
next day and I flew out there and we
were having dinner and people are like
so what about his ice bucket challenge
stuff and everyone at the table except
for one person who was being silent
which was me was like yeah it's stupid
it's like a meme and I hate it and I was
like I just did it like a week ago
so or not a week here like a day ago it
was it was mildly uncomfortable letting
you know and just not like I held the
grudge against them I can understand why
you feel that same way I always think
like the ice bucket challenge is like
sure maybe it's just like a it's a bad
mean oh dunk like 20 ice cubes on your
head in a bathtub with some water and
then be like I challenge you but you
know it was for a good cause so I look
back on it it's a little ridiculous but
mostly like not even just a victimless
crime like the opposite like it not only
did it not have any victims and help
victims hopefully oh you know what there
are two bombs back there it's like damn
Daniel for a cause it's like if the they
catch me outside how about that girl
instead of doing sponsored posts on
Instagram and milking her 8 minutes of
fame was like you know catch me going
around soliciting donations for UNICEF
this you know Halloween season that
would have been a much more you know
feel-good story about it
[Music]
nothing dude come on Oh actually that's
pretty good the Stars card allows us to
get in here I'll take it but I'm not
thrilled about it it's not ten out of
ten
we're in ok spot on this run though I
mean we got good damage the downside is
that our rate of fire is bad the good
side is that our rate of fire can get
better pretty easily and you know mini
monstro still doing a pretty good job of
carrying us and we're doing ok with what
we've got
keep in mind we never had anything on
our first deal with the devil so we have
no deal with the devil precedent it
could be good it could be bad depending
on what we get on this floor
an angel devil deal or none we haven't
had a lights-out run so far so I'm
holding out hope I'm also holding out
hope that we can get like a luck upgrade
for the first time in infinity years
feel like we've had six runs in a row
that had like under one lakh total that
is no no stats to be proud of because
you know so many items actually feed off
of luck to get better themselves but I'm
not going to belabor the point we're all
I'm familiar with what they are it says
before launching into like a 20 part
list stay away from me see I dude I
can't help myself
even when my damage is pretty good I'm
like you got to use the orbit of the
deal a little damage I should point out
as well as close Evo makes the damage
that we have not as bad and I mean even
6.12 damage is pretty good in and of
itself plus a LS gave us the best venue
mallesh song right do it just do it
it's the ice bucket challenge it's the
ice bucket challenge great song
I encourage you or you explode or not I
encourage you to go look that one up
buying on iTunes it's an all-time
classic is it as good as it's my life
whatever I want to do no but it's like
you know is it in the same ballpark no
not even close but it's like pretty good
you're still not giving me angel
statutes okay well we got a lock upgrade
the future is now there's no end to the
possibilities the world card will save
that for the next flubber caves too so
we're like exactly on pace for a boss
rush entrance I would be okay with
teleporting out of boss rush if we get a
little stronger I'd be okay with doing
boss rush as well but I'd have to to
consult with my Isaac guidebook because
I'm not sure our stats fit the
requirements I'd normally consider
fairly compulsory all right so let's
just donate we don't have anything in
here that really tickles our fancy too
much okay we can't even donate anymore
so we will just bounce try and genuine
peace trying to squeeze something out of
this run but I don't think this is the
save files problem by the way that a lot
of runs have been kind of Mia lately I
think it's more variance leaps to
clumping sometimes in the in our Isaac
run so sometimes we have like five runs
in a row that are ten out of ten and
then we might go like two weeks without
a run where we get double digit damage
so it happens it's part of the fun of
Isaac if I'm being honest with you is
that you know you go on you go on
streaks and you go on slogs
you get slumps and streaks so they call
it but in the interim period here we're
doing fine I can't be stopped from using
my orbital and one day that will
probably lead to us getting killed or at
least slowly losing enough damage this
is where I become complete self-aware NL
will lose enough HP slowly but surely
that eventually will come to the point
where we're like how could we possibly
be expected to win with these stats when
really I've just sort of insidiously
been losing HP at a pace those slightly
above our burn rate for several floors
in costing us big-time in the end but it
only became apparent when it was too
late for us to do anything about it you
know
hopefully it does not befall us do need
the key there's really not like a 10 out
of 10 item for us right now that is
unique to this run I will say I would
love to see static tears and I would
love to see Jacob's Ladder
those are cool effects and they're
magnified by having four shots instead
we cut little haunts into wait what
little hond every now and then there's a
spectral famiglia who constructor in the
heart little haunt of enemies big uns
mouth from the chest a girl scared and
running away from your hunter a man
bright eyes every now and then a little
hon around right I'm I'm sorry but it's
like my favorite archetype for a bit
NL gets way too enthusiastic about a bad
parity these snaps playing player
unknowns battleground I was talking
about this with Austin earlier we were
just keeping the seat warm for him until
he turns his mid maxi eye to becoming a
true eSports champion in battlegrounds
you'll want to meet him on the field of
battle I'll tell you that much you I'm
the exact player you want to meet on the
field of battle in battlegrounds and
that's not even a joke like if you ever
find every time you shoot somebody in
battlegrounds I want you to go look in
the in the bottom-left corner and see if
you just killed me there's a decent
chance we used all of our keys which was
a bad idea
there's not a decent chance there's
literally like hundreds of thousands
people playing that game on a daily
basis but I'm saying inevitably somebody
out there has killed me in player
unknowns battlegrounds if you got the
clip I'd love to see it it's probably me
spraying you know half a clip of a kmo
into the tree that you're standing
behind and then you just step out on one
tab me
I understand my lot in life that's a bad
tears downgrade I think we're just going
to go we're going to go down to the next
floor our dps continues to not improve
but we did get oh you know what I mean
here's why I can't complain
we got a holy mantle holy mantle is a
beautiful item and we have an orbital an
orbital plus holding mantel gives us
like zero chance to mess this up
although giving away all of your red
hearts if there was a way to mess it up
that's probably up there all we have to
do we could probably play super
aggressive
and just use our orbital to deal all of
our damage and not really suffer that
much but I'm not going to do that and
use the world cards here there's a curse
room probably you know what there's no
probably about it we should just go to
the curse room you might be saying NL
you're being so reckless with this holy
mantle you know there's no prizes for
like not getting hit while you're
holding holy mantle right I feel like
any room in which we don't get hit is a
complete waste now that's just
ridiculous but you know allow me to use
it to illustrate my point nonetheless
check it out boys look at that two free
scents you play 3000 hours in this game
you can become great like me abusing
holy mantle to get 59 and 60 cents from
the shop for from the curse room
sometimes I say the names of the
segments of the game run because I get
distracted with my own commentary while
I play dude this is actually really good
because we should have you got 60 cents
so we know we're not going to have greed
in our shop which means we can donate
hope under our donation machines already
pop isn't it donation machine has been
very cruel we've had like one run where
we were able to donate like 80 cents and
then every other run is like 3 cents
that's my fill for today see you in a
year nine hundred and ninety nine cents
are we going to make vostra how long you
gonna make me wait for posture we're
we're looking pretty bad for the boss
rush
certainly we're going to go shop we're
going to go item room both of them are
connected to the same room so we win in
terms of efficiency there we don't have
very much time to kill mom so to get
something extremely good right here
would be very nice yeah that's the
ticket okay I mean cream shops are sort
of okay don't take that out of context
please we got in here the latter at all
time class it will grab the spirit are
do that sure I'll take high of mind I'll
take broken modem I'll grab the world
card again
this pretty much settles it that I'm not
going to be able to make posture rush
this room always takes us a while
especially if we want to avoid taking
damage which apparently I don't care for
I think we focused a little bit too much
on ba Suresh here at the expense of our
own survivability so my apologies for
that but again you know it's the beauty
of Isaac is that we can go on autopilot
a little bit and still be relatively
okay alright so let's finish up his mom
fight get down to brass tacks we've had
a little vain going on on this run no no
talking about waffle stomping but not
every Isaac episode needs to have an
incredibly gross anecdote related to
human bodily functions by speaking of
which what's the grossest human
violation I'm going to say vomiting any
and I'm not I'm not going to go down
this road I'm going to take a Polaroid
it's our first chance for permanent
Polaroid invincibility both of these
items are great we can't take them both
so we're going to roll with the wafer I
think that's the safe smart money purse
little labyrinth is like the perfect
floor to use this on and feeling pretty
good I don't know what it is but like I
can't buy more than one damage upgrade
per run the way I phrased that made it
sound like I'm trying to buy it from the
shop but I mean like in a philosophical
sense I can't seem to get more than one
damage upgrade per run I'm lucky you
know on our last green mode run it was
the damage upgrade be God was crickets
head on this run the damage up gravy God
was magic mush at least we're not
getting like a junk damage upgrade but
it would be very very helpful to also be
able to have more than one of them
because 6.12 damage you know we're not
setting any records probably I mean I
don't know what the record is but if
this will set it then you know that
record has problems
our deals with the angel have been
pretty nice though this might be like
the first successful deal with the angel
setup we've had and that's a at least it
tears upgrade so I'm happy about that
are you a home invader or my wife oh no
it's a home invader that sounds and
looks just like my wife I have eyes on
the side of my head I'm the invader
invader from space that'd be a great
title for video game the invaders from
space
somebody should pitch that to Atari are
they still around I thought they did go
bankrupt but I saw that a tari was
pitching like on the back of the NES
mini being popular they're coming out
with like an Atari mini and I was like
you know more power to you I understand
a lot of people have nostalgia for that
era but because those games aren't that
good
I'm not going to people will wait in
line they'll they'll pay an extra like
75 bucks on eBay to pick up you got
there you want a great sell because I
just came back from recording studio
right yeah are you Oh big dog nice boy I
didn't know is I don't know I was
spoiling the lead okay yeah but it is
big dumb Atari and our new friend forum
player to make these cat name is big dog
because it don't really like I gotta ask
her about that because that game is like
you know it's alright there isn't really
much yeah it's like it's okay well you
know it's just if you like to think you
like so we one of the pieces that we
recorded today
SiC dogs so there you go that's pretty
cool it was really awful I feel like
we're on like a late-night talk show my
welcome to the show Kate greener Burnett
have been in it been in it so what have
you been working on lately
hahaha segue into an anecdote that we
plans to talk about wow that's hilarious
way back after this word from our
sponsors Dorito chip can you do an
impromptu Dorito ad read for me Kate
thirty Seconds sell me some Doritos
three two one go
this is a Dorito flavor shake Nick
burrito you get a pouch full of tasty
onion mix and you shake it up in the
thing and then there you go there we go
chicken eggs
not a little bit anywhere in the world
definitely the weirdest Dorito that I've
ever conceived of but you know what I do
want some burritos with onion powder now
shake shake shake Doritos Nate we've
honestly we have such pull on the
internet that they can't ignore us and
they probably tried many celebrities
have I mean I'm not going to touch upon
that because I think we can sell that
idea like yeah boy I've never seen Kate
but then it's also slang for bad
marijuana is an odd shape
Thank You safety I don't think it's
shakeshake but if you were like hey boy
I'm just saying there's a situation
where maybe somebody offers to sell you
marijuana on the street and you buy a
thinking of Doritos that would be a very
strange interaction yeah but you could
say the same word twice you know it does
happen once I won't say okay I got to
get back guys get out it we're talking
about Doritos Dookie all right thanks
for being here we're out of time here
I'm going to take this and I'm going to
take that and we got to focus here this
could be our first chest win on this
save file and this run is a lot better
than the last run we had which made it
to the chest which was that blue baby
run we just did but it's still not
particularly amazing well I mean it is
actually that's a lie holy mantle means
that it's amazing but in terms of our
actual stats it's not that amazing holy
mantle elevates it to a level that's
certainly above that but we're missing
out to some extent on DM glow walk into
a room and just crush it Vaynerchuk
style
shouldn't have done
I think we're going to be completely
fine I mean since we got only Mansfeld
we've only lost like three spear in
hearts total it seems like a lot but it
has been like four floors of safety so
okay and then we just lost one more but
I still think we're going to be
completely fine here it's nice because
this run wasn't always set in stone
though we were going to pull out the
victory here especially when we turn
into a late-night talk show for a little
bit there you go happens all the time
but that's what to luck gets you you
replace your d6 with the d-10 I still
think it'd be cool if the d-10 could
reroll bosses shouldn't have stood there
I basically just took damage from
Excellus Evo for no reason I didn't take
damage but I lost my ability to use holy
mantle effectively which is important
because I could use that for orbital
damage but it's doing fine I took common
cold as well because I was figured you
know any port in the storm
give me some extra damage and I'll be
okay fast run I had a good time I hope
you did as well and he did well we got
the d20 online we also got angel statues
exist now we also got challenge number
31 challenge number 34 and we unlike the
Isaac Spears as well an item that you
know some things should have stayed dead
but for now thanks for watching hope you
guys have enjoyed it if you did click
the like button helps out a great deal
and of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time
[Music]